Didn't you come?
Why should I come?
I'm not like some people. Do you want to meet me? Thank you.
Damn it, we won’t just watch this happen, right?
No, I have to drive him away.
There was a quarrel and a meeting was about to begin.
Is your expression better?
Then give me a choice
What are you doing? I haven’t actually passed it yet, so I’m so petty.
When the time comes, how will you actually tell me whether I can leave?
Okay, sister, let’s see if I don’t die this time.
Quarreling. Where are you making reports?
Noisy, scary, scary
You can literally cost me
Our company's cost quotation
you are not meaning
Why do you want to help me write Ten Million Experiences?
What you wrote is obviously a meaning.
You are too naughty, right?
Important data can be reported incorrectly
If this is a really strong contract
The company can only pay the 90 million price difference itself.
Noisy, scary, scary
You waste
Our company doesn't support you in this way
Give me your self-propelled person immediately
Get out of here